# Epic Tanks - Online Multiplayer Tank Game

## Team Members
- Junki Lee
- Josh Shrock
- Anuj Suvarna

## Project Overview
Our pygame project is inspired by the classic Tank Trouble game. Unlike the original local game, our version is an online multiplayer game where you can play with real people. The gameplay involves dodging and shooting shells at opponent tanks in a randomized map environment.

## Main Classes & Authors
- External_Controller
- Game
- Game_Controller
- main
- player
- simpleMQTT
- view
- Wall
- WaitingScreen
- Turret
- Tank
- start
- Shell
- Scoreboard
- PlayerSelector
- Player
- menu_game
- Map
- mainMenu
- joingame
- input_text
- Explosion
- credits_info
- creategameMenu
- Button

## Essential Features & Authors
- Dodging bullets, online players, randomized map, main gameplay: **Josh Schrock**
- Game menu, player settings (2, 3, 4 players), randomized code: **Junki Lee**
- Explosion, Scoreboard, additional gameplay: **Anuj Suvarna**

## Additional Features
- Sound effects
- Tank turrets
- Scoreboard

## External Modules Used
- Pygame
- SimpleMQTT

## Media Items & Sources
- Tank image in the menu: [1zoom.me](https://www.1zoom.me/en/wallpaper/398850/z1365.1/&original=1)
- Tank menu music:
    - Hypnotic Brass Ensemble - War
    - Provided to YouTube by The Orchard Enterprises
    - ℗ 2009 Honest Jon's
    - Released on: 2009-05-08
    - Music Publisher: My Publishing Group / ASCAP
    - Auto-generated by YouTube

## Tips
- Try to play with at least 2 players, and play in the same area with the same WiFi for best experience.
- Using the mouse makes it easier to control your bullets.
- Have fun with this game!

---

*For course use only. Do not share solutions publicly.*

Your copy of the starting code for a Python software development project
  for CSSE 120 Introduction to Software Development,
  Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering,
  Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology.
  Lead maintainer: Professor David Mutchler, with lots of help from colleagues.

IMPORTANT: Please do NOT share ** SOLUTIONS ** to these projects
anywhere that is publicly available.
